Welcome back.
In this video we're going to go over solutions to the promises exercises.
The first function we need to implement is to get most followers function which will accept a variable
number of arguments which will be get hub user names and will query the get hub API and return whichever
one of the user names has the most followers.
First let's create a variable called ACOR L which will be to u r l.
I will be making API requests too.
That u r l is H TZP s colon slash slash API dot get a dot com slash users slash of and create a variable
called You Are else which will be a new array of promises.
I'll use the map function and return the result of Jake worried.
Get Jason with the base you are out and the username I'm mapping over user names.
Is an array which I've collected using the rest operator.
I'll then use the promised method to resolve all of my promises and then create a variable called Max
here.
I'll store the result of sorting the resolve promises and seeing which one has the highest follower's
property.
I can do that using Adolf follower's is less than beat up followers and then access the first value
in that array which is the user with the most followers.
Notice I'm using aero functions here to really clean things up.
Finally I'll return a string which says next start name has the most followers with Max followers.
When I invoke this function I can get some output using Dopp that.
So between myself Tim and cold was the most followers.
The answer is called the next function we need to implement.
Is Star worst string which except some number or ID.
Well first start by making a variable called SDR which is an empty string.
We'll then make our first AJAX call to the Star Wars API with whatever ID specified.
When said Ajax call is done we'll take that data and start building up our string by mentioning who
this character is and what they're featured in.
We'll then make sure that we go to the films property that we get back and access the first film will
then return the AJAX call.
To get that specific movie once we finish the next AJAX call we'll keep building up our strength to
mention the title of the film and the director as well.
The last thing we need to do is mention the first planet that the movie is featured in and return the
result of the next.
AJAX call finally we'll get back some information on the planet to build up our strain to mention where
this takes place.
And then finally return our SDR variable.
So let's see what happens when we invoke this with the idea of one.
Let's make sure we're on a Web site that is using Querrey which you can see by typing in the word J.A.G.
when we invoke this function with the number 1 and cancel that log with the return value from the resolve
promise.
We can see some fun facts about Luke Skywalker and that's all for the promises exercises.
These ones were tough.
So if you didn't solve them read through the code and try to implement them on your own.
Good luck and I'll see you in the next video.